Ubusuna's Moon
I can read it instead of Kanhei-shi.
Kawaji Jyuko
The sun's eyes are silently glistening.
The sound of the sound of Miyashiro's quiet
and the sound of the bridge is echoing.
I step on the wet soil of the soil and the soil of the soil,
and I breathe deeply.
It is the sky of the vast mountains.
It is the clear soil of the mountains and the mountains.
The moon shines around the blue,
and the little bird sings happily to the next little bird.
It is the peaceful soil.
It is the soil of my Ubusuna.
I drop the dust of a long battle,
and I raise my hand to the
moon.
The moon that raised me,
the moon that raised me,
my parents,
and the parents of the moon,
were born from this moon,
and they went to this moon,
and they learned the teachings of the Han-nagara,
and they went ahead with the great treasure.
And when they were killed, they became the new members of the Shiko,
and they fought with the new members of the Shiko.
Now, I can say that I am hurt,
and I am sincerely grateful.
The morning sun shines brightly,
and the wind of Konoma crosses the Aoba.
I am alive.
I am happy.
The life that I give to this dead body,
the color of blood,
the life that I offer to the dead body,
is still burning in the corners of this body.
Ah, my great father's life
is in this holy blood.
Even if I was reborn,
the soul of the enemy, the divine soul,
is alive.
The soul of my father, the Totsumi,
My heart dances,
and my body shivers with joy.
The stone road that was purified,
the heart of the earth,
which remains even in the single stone,
is still there.
I think of the power of the great mountain
that grows in my humble heart.
The earth of the earth, the earth of my father,
the earth of my father,
is in this earth.
I live in this earth.